Feat/reverse navigation (#2187)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/reverse-navigation.mdx

import { Image } from 'grommet';
import { DiagramPreview, Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  NameValueListFontWeightSecondPreview,
} from '../../examples';

> ## When to Use:

Reviewer: For consistency, we haven't been using ":" in headings.

```suggestion
## When to Use
```

or we could do something like:
```suggestion
## When to Use

Reverse navigation should be applied when:
```

> - When the user may want to return to the previous page’s content

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is an accurate description of the use of this pattern. I thought we were leaning more towards the term "Context" or "Up" to indicate that the user would be taken to the page containing this page in the overall site hierarchy. If the user did not navigate to this page from that containing page, then clicking the button would not return to the "previous" page, nor is it aligned to anything "chronological".

Reviewer: @vavalos5 @britt6612 @ericsoderberghp 

I am a bit confused on which pattern we are presenting here.

Are we presenting:
1) a pattern which allows a user to step back through their history?
OR
2) a pattern which allows a user to navigate from child to parent / from spoke to its hub?

Clarification on this point will help me review.

- When the user may want to trace through their steps chronologically to return to past page content
- For web applications, as all web browsers contain built in chronological content buttons

## Reverse Navigation Examples:

### In-App Example

> Provide a context button for when it is valuable to provide users explicitly around where they are returning to.

Reviewer 3: I had left a few comments on the Figma file re: wording suggestions on this page -- we can wait for Vicky's replies there.

Author: sounds good I had left what I had until I had a chance to go over with Vicky

> <Example caption="Diagram illustrating reverse navigation." plain pad="small" previewWidth="large" height={{ min: 'small' }}>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<Example caption="Diagram showing an in-app back button that provides the user with context around where they will return to after clicking the button." plain pad="small" previewWidth="large" height={{ min: 'small' }}>
```

> <DiagramPreview src={{dark: "/BackButton.svg", light: '/BackButton-invert.svg'}} alt="Diagram illustrating the reverse navigation." />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<DiagramPreview src={{dark: "/BackButton.svg", light: '/BackButton-invert.svg'}} alt="Diagram showing an in-app back button that provides the user with context around where they will return to after clicking the button." />
```
